# Backend Server

This README provides instructions for setting up and running the Backend Server for the Campus Complaint Management System.

## Installation Steps

1. **Install Maven**

   - For Ubuntu:
     ```bash
     sudo apt install maven 
     ```

2. **Generate OpenAPI Code**

   - Navigate to the BackendServer directory and execute the following command:
     ```bash
     mvn generate-sources
     ```
   - Note: Avoid using the `Clean` and `Compile` approach for generating code.

3. **Update .env File**

   - Update the `.env` file with the necessary environment variables. You can use the provided template file `.env.example` as a reference.

4. **Write API Definitions**

   - Define APIs in the `main.yaml` file located in the `src/main/resources/api/` directory.


## Running the Server

To run the Backend Server:

1. Navigate to the BackendServer directory.
2. Execute the following command:
   ```bash
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```
This will start the server, and it will be accessible at the specified port.

## Additional Information

- **API Documentation**: After starting the server, you can access the API
    documentation using the Swagger UI. Open a web browser and go to
    http://localhost:`port`/swagger-ui/index.html.

- **Logging**: Check the logs generated by the server for any errors or debugging
    information.

- **Database Configuration**: Ensure that the database configuration is correctly
    set up in the application.properties file located in the src/main/resources
    directory.
